
https://medium.com/@kevalpatel2106/how-to-make-the-perfect-singleton-de6b951dfdb0#:~:text=By%20making%20the%20constructor%20as,new%20instance%20of%20the%20class.

The purpose of the Singleton class is to control object creation, limiting the number of objects to only one. The singleton allows only 
one entry point to create the new instance of the class.

1)Private Constructor - Eager Initialization and Lazy Initialization

2)Make Singleton reflection proof - To prevent Singleton failure while due to reflection you have to throw a run-time exception in constructor,
if the constructor is already initialized and some class to initialize it again.

3)Make Singleton thread safe - If two threads try to initialize the Singleton class at almost the same time.
	3.1) Make getInstance() synchronized: But, there are some cons of using this approach: 
										Slow performance because of locking overhead.
										Unnecessary synchronization that is not required once the instance variable is initialized.
										
    3.2) Double check locking method: You can overcome this issue if you use Double check locking method to create the Singleton.
    In this, you will make the Singleton class in the synchronized block if the instance is null. So, the synchronized block will be executed only 
    when the sSoleInstance is null and prevent unnecessary synchronization once the instance variable is initialized.

    3.3) Use volatile keyword: On the surface, this method looks perfect, as you only need to pay price for synchronized block one time, but it 
    still was broken, until you make sSoleInstance variable volatile. Without volatile modifier, it’s possible for another thread in Java to see 
    half initialized state of sSoleInstance variable, but with volatile variable guaranteeing happens-before relationship, all the write will happen 
    on volatile sSoleInstance before any read of sSoleInstance variable.
    
4)Make Singleton safe from Serialization - Sometimes in distributed systems, you need to implement Serializable interface in Singleton class. 
By doing that you can store its state in the file system and retrieve it at later point of time. 

The problem with above serialized singleton class is that whenever we deserialize it, it will create a new instance of the class.

To prevent creation of another instance you have to provide the implementation of readResolve() method. readResolve() replaces the object read
from the stream. This ensures that nobody can create another instance by serializing and deserializing the singleton.   
										